Excuse me. Can I get a headset? Certainly. Thank you.
He likes it. No, I didn't.
How can I help you? Oh, my God. You are
disgusting. Oh, my God. That's disgusting.
Yeah. Uh, miss? I'll be right there, sir.
Where's your headset? She's busy right now, but it's coming.
For crying out loud, you're missing important plot points.
Ma'am? Could you give me a second, sir?
Um, excuse me. Could I maybe get that headset, please?
Do not raise your voice to me, sir. I wasn't
raising my voice. Okay, just calm down. I am calm.
I just want my headset. Sir, our country is going
through a very difficult time right now, and if you're
not gonna cooperate... I don't know where a headset ties
into patriotism. Is there a problem here, sir? I, I
don't think so. Can you come to the back of
the plane with me so we can have a talk?
A talk about what? There's not a problem. This, this
stewardess just keeps- Flight attendant. The flight attendant keeps ignoring
me when I ask- Calm down. I am calm. What
is it with you people? You people? Oh, now wait
a minute. I don't m-mean you people. I mean you
people. Sir, I will not tolerate any racist behavior on
the plane. This is a very difficult time for our
country. I, I know that. I'm not a racist. I
just wanna watch the movie. I'm only gonna say this
one more time, sir. Calm down. I'm calm.
All rise. What do you think?
Oh. Not guilty. It's a no-brainer. Mr. Buznik, in case
seven twenty-three, assault and battery against a flight attendant,
I find you guilty. Hmm.